“I can't hold on!”

This is possibly the worst thing you could hear at this moment. Maybe scaling the cliff to escape the attacking Creatures was a bad idea. Ignoring your short-sightedness, you send your Creature to hold them off while you try to help your friend up. You reach down, and pulling with all your might, you finally manage to get your friend up and over.

“Thanks. That was close.”

You turn your attention to the battle happening right in front of you, witnessing some impressive fighting by your Creature. It expertly dodges most of the attacks, but an unlucky hit manages to damage it pretty heavily. You don't have much time left before it's out of commission and the horde decides to attack you and your friend instead.

“We need to get out of here”, is all you can manage to say before your Creature is finally beaten. There seems to be little hope left; with no Backup Creature or any way to stop the horde, you consider your options. You ponder attacking them yourself, but you quickly dismiss that notion. Looking in your pack, you see absolutely nothing that can help calm or disperse the horde. Your friend is unfortunately not an Engineer, so no more Creature help. It seems that all hope is lost.

“We could jump. I mean, we did prepare for that possibility.”

Your friend is right. You did remember that the area you were going to was pretty rough, and you needed a good escape route. As risky as it was, you were hoping it wouldn't come to this.      

“We don't have a choice at this point.” you say, hoping that the chutes you packed were going to work. Frantically, you get the chute on, and nodding ever so slightly, you jump off the cliff. You hurdle yourself in a direction away from the horde, managing to just avoid them. Your friend follows your lead. Relieved that you missed them, you remember you're free-falling toward the ground at an alarming speed, and somehow remember to pull the rip-cord. And just like a movie cliche, it breaks without deploying the chute.

“Try the emergency one!” you hear above all the noise. Pulling on the emergency rip-cord does not work. Trying again for the fifth time, you give up trying to deploy the chute.

“Great” you mutter. Hoping that you can now somehow pull off an amazing movie stunt, you search for something to land on that won't kill you. You can't find one. Looking up, you see your friend gliding down underneath a jet black canopy.

You hope that it will be quick and painless. You start to wonder what being dead is like. You also feel betrayal in your final moments of living. Who lets their life-long friend to die in a horrible parachute accident? And why is there spikes everyw-

You awake with a start, glad it was just a dream. As real as it felt, you lament in your ability to make something creative happen. Rip-cords failing? You shrug it off as too many nights watching old movies.
